Add single kernel filtering to roofline plots (#757)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/docs/how-to/profile/mode.rst

   Allows you to specify a device ID to collect performance data from when
   running a roofline benchmark on your system.

> ``-k``, ``--kernel <kernel-substr>``

Reviewer: Is it possible to reuse "-k" in analyze mode?

Author: Yes, in CLI mode we can use the --kernel option in analyze mode (although it takes in numbers based on top kernels, not the kernel name, which is accounted for in this change). There isn't a specific place in the docs to copy this above equivalent over; however, James made a doc update for block 4 that explicitly uses "-k 0" in his example, and right above it is the --kernel option usage guide as well in how-to/analyze/cli.rst.
TUI and GUI do not take in --kernel, and I have created a ticket to handle if a user passes it by accident/unknowingly that we need to handle it gracefully, but that is not a roofline-specific issue.

Roofline analysis occurs on any profile mode run, provided ``--no-roof`` option is not included.
You don't need to include any additional roofline-specific options for roofline analysis.
If you want to focus only on roofline-specific performance data and reduce the time it takes to profile, you can use the ``--roof-only`` option.

> This option checks if there is existing profiling data in the workload directory (``pmc_perf.csv`` and ``roofline.csv``), and if found uses said data files with the provided arguments to create another roofline PDF output; otherwise, profile mode runs but is limited to collecting only roofline performance counters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option checks if there is existing profiling data in the workload directory (``pmc_perf.csv`` and ``roofline.csv``): 
a) If found, uses the data files with the provided arguments to create another roofline PDF output; otherwise, 
b) Profile mode runs but is limited to collecting only roofline performance counters.
```

Author: Applied suggestion as is. Thanks

   Allows you to specify a device ID to collect performance data from when
   running a roofline benchmark on your system.

``-k``, ``--kernel <kernel-substr>``

>    Allows for kernel filtering. Usage is equivalent with the current ``rocprof``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Allows for kernel filtering. Usage is equivalent with the current ``rocprof``
```
rocprof or rocprofv3?

Author: It is suggesting whatever the current rocprof version is, in this case it could be v3 or sdk. This is a direct copy of the --kernel option description in profiling mode options list. We can change both locations after this PR to reflect v3/sdk if needed.
